1. Checkout DBeaver sources using read-only anonymous access
	SVN root: https://svn.jkiss.org/dev/dbeaver/trunk/


2. Locating files
Primary sources are in plugings folder. All "language" resources are in *.properties files. You will easily recognize them because there are existing translations so usually properties set looks like this:
	plugin.properties
	plugin_it.properties
	plugin_ru.properties
	plugin_zh.properties

3. Translating
You need to translate every such file. I'd recommend to use English properties as source. 
You will need to copy english file to you language file and add locale name for this new file (e.g. plugin_fr.properties).

Note that language files must be in ISO-8859-1 encoding (ASCII) and all non ASCII characters should be in escaped Unicode format.
There are different tools in Eclipse which helps to edit these files. But I'd suggest to use Intellij IDEA to edit resources 
(generally I use IDEA for everything, not only for resources) - it has very convinient localization tool. 
You may use IDEA Community Edition for it. If you are in the commiter list then I can give you
open-source license for DBeaver and then you may use IDEA Ultimate Edition.

Main problem is how to test your translation.
Most simple way is to build the project using Eclipse IDE and to see how your translation is actually looks. 
You need to be familiar with Eclipse to be able to do it.

5. Building and running the project
Download Eclipse for RCP and RAP Developers 4.2.1 or later (http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/).
Copy file "com.ibm.icu.base_4.2.1.v20100412.jar" from DBeaver source "eclipse" folder into your Eclipse installation "plugins" folder.
Create new workspace and import all projects from DBeaver source folder (there are 17 projects exists at the Nov 03.2012).
Build all projects.
Expand project "product" and open "DBeaver.product" file. Click on "Launch an Eclipse application".
DBeaver should start and you may check your tranlation.

6. Submitting your changes
If your in the list of commiters then you may simply add your language files and commit them.
Otherwise you will need to send me your files by email on serge@jkiss.org.
